being an early adopter kind of sucks you
end up paying a lot more money than
people who are more sensible and patient
while for those who dare to wait Asus
sponsored this video so we can take a
look at the XG 27 AQ DMG their new 26.5
in 144p 240 HZ OLED gaming Monitor and
it's the world's first glossy woled
panel let's get this sucker out of the
box I like how it's actually got a
little handle here so you can pull it
out with all the foam oh okay maybe not
it's it's stck
on there we go might take a bit of
strength we want to flip this
over keep it all together yeah see all
the accessories came out I pulled it out
the wrong way what a dummy uh but looks
like we got our stand column portion and
then we've got our stand bottom portion
we have a mount for if we want to do any
Vasa mounting it looks like it's got a
nice you know simple column design where
you throw it in and then you screw it
down overall not bad not a big footprint
I don't exactly know what this is for
but it looks like it might fit my phone
it just barely fits if you've got a case
be a little careful but it should fit
just barely otherwise we've got Nvidia
g-sync badge here it is gsync compatible
and it's got AMD free sync and then
we've also got a big Republic of Gamers
badge that's a little much in terms of
branding for me um but it's not the
worst we've also got a big Rog on the
back of the stand here we've also got
got what looks like a/ qu in thread up
top so that you can actually screw in a
camera or whatever you want on top of
here really handy for those of you you
want to use a nicer camera mount when
you're trying to stream or something
like that we got a barrel Jack going to
a reasonably sized power brick it's
actually pretty tiny 120 wat and then
we've also got our bag of tricks that
Asus likes to include I love this little
carrying case that'll fit all of your
cables what do we got in here microfiber
cloth we've got an HDMI cable and
then USB 3 USB B to a for those of you
wondering what else we got we got some
warranty manual stuff stickers if you
like stickers like me and then this
looks like the rest of our power cable
it certainly is we're going to have to
get a different one because this is a
European plug and we are in Canada so ah
what's this they did happen to include a
North America version thank you Asus but
now what we really care about our panel
it's got some nice foam packaging
where's our I/O down here so that means
it goes on this way so we're going to do
the old click
clack and pull it out you ready for
this guys I promise yours won't look
like this we got ours tested by the lab
and it's kind of hard to put these back
on nicely so just you know don't worry
about it we've got that nice column
swivel on the stand pretty good amount
of rotation and then we've got some
height adjustment we got some tilt it
can pivot we've also got some cable
management routing right here and then
as for I/O we've got our power plug here
headphone jack couple of HDMI ports only
2.0 display port 1.4 with DSC usbb
couple of usba a ports and last but not
least your favorite a Kensington lock
we've also got our nice navigation
nipple or nubbin I'm going to start
calling it a nubbin cuz I feel weird
saying nipple uh and then it's got you
know left button right button which is
handily labeled power key 1 key2 I
actually really like the design on the
back of the monitor here um they've done
this kind of like slash design before uh
this has got a new custom heat sink nice
and thin take care of your OLED panel
we'll talk about some OLED care stuff
later on once we actually get it fired
up we can look through the OSD so what
are we waiting for let's turn it on all
right looks pretty good looks pretty
clean we've got a check out our OSD here
display widget Center is actually pretty
cool you get like some nice you know in
computer um information to change any of
the monitor settings
uniform brightness is a feature they've
got for oleds basically it'll turn your
brightness down a little bit but it
makes sure that you don't get that weird
uh adaptive brightness stuff that you
know you see when you've got a big white
screen all of a sudden comes up and then
the brightness dims um so it should help
with that I don't know if it'll fully
fix it but it'll help I'm going to turn
it off clear pixel Edge is nice it's
funny how when CTI OLED came out
everyone talks about text fringing
regular OLED has it too and it's always
been a problem and clear pixel Edge
should help that a little bit by uh
dealing with the green and red fringing
that you might encounter so we're going
to turn that on uh what else we got
display color space srgb DC3 wide gamut
color temp this is actually very
customizable it's really nice being able
to set color temp you can do that on a
lot of monitors but not all of them um
same with your color space you can't
always set this manually yourself oh
there's AA RGB where is the oh it's on
the back rainbow it's rainbowing just
the Asus logo screen protection so
you've got a screen saver that'll turn
on automatically if you're inactive for
a couple minutes you can turn that on or
off pixel cleaning you can manually run
a pixel cleaner that only takes about
actually 6 minutes it's pretty quick not
going to run it right now but you could
we've also got screen move this is
called pixel shift on a couple other
monitors basically what it'll do is
it'll adjust all the pixels slightly uh
you can notice it I'm not going to say
you can't it's very minor though and I
don't know it like happens and then it's
over so it's I don't know I I really
don't think it's a big deal but it's
nice to have and then the logo
brightness so if logos are on screen it
can adjust the brightness on those uh
the reality is OLED these days is solid
with the new panel improvements and all
of this protection that you have in
stuff like OLED care from Asus it just
makes it so you don't have to worry
about it so much and if you're really
that worried about it check out some
other channels coverage cuz they'll let
you know that it's not that bad so if
you are worried about OLED flicker Asus
has a fix for it during refresh rate
fluctuations with three refresh rate
ranges strong middle or off let's game
why am I am I talking to you still I
want a game God this looks good
oh and you know what I'm telling you 240
htz 1440p on an OLED that's getting like
I think we measured 0.1 or 0.3
milliseconds response times latency
wasn't too bad either like I think
theoretical perfect was only a half a
millisecond off or something like that
it's just so good it's something about
this being crystal clear that like you
flick and then the screen is cleared up
like I don't know once you try it it's
hard because you guys are probably
watching this on an IPS monitor or VA or
something and so you can't see how good
the HDR looks how good the colors look
how good the response times look but the
reality is it's just it's so good and if
those response times aren't good enough
for you you can enable elmb or extreme
low motion blur and that's basically BFI
and so you're going to probably get some
reduction in brightness but because of
the black frame insertion it's even more
perfect I'll be honest I don't think
that elmb should be a huge selling
feature for oleds I don't think it
really needs it but if you really need
it it's got it so we know it games good
but does it HDR footage good oh it's so
bright the funny thing is every time we
show this footage the hand is going to
like reach in at some point and
everyone's like oh my God I thought that
hand was actually there because it looks
so good good it's really color accurate
and when you have OLED pixels powering a
display like this they're just going to
turn on and off as you need them so oh
you want a dark spot boom it's perfect
black oh you need this like pin prick of
brightness boom we're going to do that
we boost a pixel or two or 12 you know
or 50 it looks good to my eyes but how
good is it really well we sent it to the
lab to get checked out to make sure that
we don't unbox something that's just
awful and here's the results an SDR set
to racing we measured an average Delta e
of just 1.81 with a Max of
3.63 that's pretty good but what about
HDR gaming HDR mode was surprisingly the
most color accurate and with our
brightness turned down a touch we
measured a Delta e ITP of 24.87 average
with a Max of 39.82 turn the brightness
to 100% and it gets slightly worse so
pick your poison now onto our two kind
of minor but real complaints they
advertise a 1300 nits Peak brightness
but the best we could get with tweaking
was more like 1250 realistically when we
just measured out of the box it was only
1,200 so take that as you will it's
still really bright 1,200 nits is great
and then our other complaint was that
they advertised 99% dcip 3 but the most
we can measure was
97.6 still pretty close but no cigar but
what about the price well that's where I
don't mind these tiny complaints of it
because this monitor is
$750 normally and it's on sale on Amazon
right now for
$559 that's really good I just want to
say that OLED prices are finally coming
down like I get it that's still
expensive for a lot of people but even
just a few years ago IPS gaming monitors
with high refresh rates were also super
expensive and now we've got an OLED with
these specs at like 700 bucks that's
wild give it another year or two and
it's probably we're probably going to
get into that like $500 range I can't
wait because I love these things and I
like being an early adopter look where I
work I kind of have to be if I want to
actually have any sort of relevancy when
I'm talking about these
monitors but it comes with a price and
you know a lot of you either don't want
to pay that or simply can't afford it
and there's nothing wrong with that
because look what happens you know you
wait like 2 3 years and all of a sudden
they just come down and they're going to
keep coming down and you know what's
really wild this thing went for as low
as
$550 on Black Friday we're filming it on
the Wednesday after what do you guys
think are you ready to Shell out this
kind of money for an OLED or you just
going to rock the same monitor for
another couple of years let us know in
the comments below thanks so much Asus
for sponsoring this video thank you guys
for watching let us know what you think
in the comments and I'll see you in the
next one